# U1.W2: Responsive Design Reflection

* What is responsive web design? Do you like it?  Do you think it's a good practice? Why or why not?
* How do you think smartphones and tablets have changed web design? How do you think new technology will change web design in the future?
* How do you think visually impaired people use the web? Can they? Should we design and development for them?
* What ideas and concepts have resonated with you when learning about the web and design? What seems stupid or doesn't make sense?
* Did you find any resources on your own that helped you better understand a topic? If so, please list it.

Responsive web design is a technique to build a web application/page for any sized device.  It allows the screen to respond the size of the browser.  It makes sense that this would become a commonly used technique.  In a world where DRY is a way of life having to build separate site for other devices seems like a waste of time.  
Smartphones and tablets have changed web design by emphasizing a more flexible approach.  Sites that can adapt to the device being used are becoming more the norm.  This will force other sites to follow suit or risk being viewed as outdated or not being a quality site. Which could trickle down to people's thoughts of the products being sold on the site.  
I think a visually impaired person would have a hard time using the web unless they knew the exact layout of the page they were visiting. A site developed for a visually impaired person would require voice recognition commands and being able to tell the user how to navigate the site.  People should and may already design for visually impaired individuals.  It would probably start like mobile apps, sites specifically designed for the visually impaired.  At some point it may be possible to make every site recognize voice commands and help the user navigate through verbal cues.  
The idea of making a responsive website seems very logical to me.  What I really liked is the natural evolution of going from building separate versions of a site for different devices to building a one size fits all.  The possibilities of waht the web could become based off that thought process are incredible.  A good example would be from the earlier question about the visually impaired.  What if at one point every website or even computer had voice recognition capabilities, would the mouse become extinct? 